the test of the selection bounces ball cross forward
Beach
in the first goal of the
in the Copa São Paulo Junior football played by the left perfect cross
was up there
the paulo henrique
celebrated father giving bye bye
sep
the hug of the companions that are the fourth paulo the first stage two
minutes of play
the dener creation operator
diamanti launch in sao paulo
attentive to the farm stays on top of them July
Alfredo makes the feint puts in front has the pediatrician and crossed
what is the secret
river bi
the centroavante do são paulo
with the moment with the help of the defender at the time of crossing the ball deflected
adilson warned the boy to the senate young promise of são paulo the fan of the
São Paulo celebrates in limeira São Paulo was the second goal in the
ten minutes
the ex-são paulo the first one from paulinho 2º from alfredo dos são paulo 01
ji-paraná in copa são paulo for you to enjoy in the champion channel
oriented denunciation diogo would talk to the children fell from the sky
of defense
the so called above the defendants are paulo colaço
I melted
for this in the mark of the 14 minutes eleventh time
if we lost 39 minutes at a crossroads
the head touches the ball left to meet the head dender so
talented the Philippine standard tried to touch the ball was in the captain's order
of São Paulo offered to the goal
embraced by the companions of São Paulo marks his third goal here has
afraid of nothing
eder
stretch the permanence of paulo pinheiro de melo
São Paulo's rivalry made to shake the helmet
the table of the tournament if this does not give you see again
I believe that for those of São Paulo's boy to score the goal of the present
It was a good half a dozen paulo kate mara garib goal
highly first-hand half-dozen family and guests
I'm doing all the plays for the left
on the second day of fall
but if you have at your request and the years
we were lucky
left-hand type
the headline has been hacked
aiming to prepare the team
brazilwiki
another 7 thousand
28 bi
Now yes
he chased Liverpool for being fulfilled
playing at the start of the race
duration of the penalty
alfredo stained glass authorizes right foot
either
but this ball is very difficult now with the output of hard maputo all
students ran on board são paulo the ufra scored his second the são's team
No fan in the rain now